
1. Delegate Botting - in progress:
    This requires a self-bot but what this does is basically allows you to pass on
    your NukerBot instance to a self-bot. You have the option of running the NukerBot
    simultaneously or blocking the instance to prioritize the self-bot

2. Troll Nuking:
    This allows roles to become unusable. You can mess with the permissions and make
    them completely unrecognizable

3. Stealth Nuking:
    A slow ban wave, gradual channel removal, stealthy role deletion and act like a
    normal bot with fake commands until triggered

4. Botnet-Style Simultaneous Server Nuker (The equivalent of a DDoS attack):
    Multiple parallel nuking (the controlled instances of multiple Discord bots simultaneously.)

5. Bot Impersonation: - completed (in alpha) - being re-done
    A random collection of bots to choose from that you can replicate using
    a command. E.G: n.replicate mee6 or just n.replicate

    This sets the avatar, name and tries to impersonate the chosen bot

6. Vanity URL Snatcher - in progress:
    Hijacks the server's custom Discord invite URL after nuking

    Deletes the original invite, replicates with malicious invite and mass dm's the
    users with the fake invite

7. Invisible Mode:
    No bot status, at all.

    Doesn't send messages until activated
    Self-Deletes logs

    Can nuke at a specific time to avoid detection

8. Ghost Nuking:
    Deletes messages without any notification

    Removes all features and members silently (As if the server just was deleted)

    Unbans them

9. Troll Nuking v2:
    Flips channel names upside down
    Changes role colors to a randomly chosen color

    Floods voice calls with self-bots

    Spams fake warnings (like people just were banned)

10. Discord Economy Nuker:
    Bots like Dank Memer can't be controlled by regular bots, but
    with self-bots. You can drain their currencies and fuck
    people's wallets over.

    Spams commands to crash the bot

    Spams a chosen message from the config for extra trolling

11. Repeated Nuking:
    Invite a bunch of bots behind their back (E.G: Self-bots)

    Give the self-bots admin permissions in secret and monitor role
    creation or the audit log itself.
